This is great, if you only care about
dogs that are have a niece named Luna but
most of you probably like I would like
to pet components are able to represent
any pet, right?
That's where these things
called props come in.
So here we could say like just what I was
showing you before Id My-brand, right?
And this will give you
an idea of my brand.
So these are attributes
being provided to this h1.
But now I want to kind of give some
sort of properties to this pet.
So what I'm going to do is,
I'm going to give it a,
another object just like this, and
I'm going to give it a name of Luna,
animal of Dog and a breed of Havanese.
So that seems like it's kind of useful.
So let's make a couple of those and
I'm gonna delete these ones.
And we'll do the bird that I used to
own growing up, her name was Pepper.
She was a Bird.
And she was a cockatiel.
I don't want that space there And
let's do Sarah Drasten's dog.
His name was Sudo and
Sudo is a Wheaten Terrier.
Okay, so now we're passing down
properties into this pet element that
we need to be able to read
those here in the pet element.
So this is gonna come in
a thing called props like this.
This is basically this object
here that's being passed on.
It's not exactly the same,
but it's pretty close.
So props here, now I can say,
instead of Luna, I can say props.name.
Instead of dog I can say props.animal,
instead of Havanese,
I'm gonna say props.breed.
So what do you expect to see now
when we pop over to the browser?
Well I'm gonna still see 6 h3s,
right, and 3 h2s.
The first one will be Luna dog havanese.
The next one will be
Pepper bird cockatiel, and
the next one will be Sudo
dog wheaten terrier, right?
Let's go take a look.
Luna dog havanese,
Pepper bird cockatiel and
Sudo dog Wheaten Terrier.
So now I've made this component more
flexible by giving it the ability to react
properties, right?
These are called props, right?
And these are what you pass down from one
parent component to a child component.
And this is kind of the magic of react,
is that you have the ability to pass
information from a child, or sorry,
from a parent component down
into a child component.
Now, one thing I want you to know and
this is a very strong opinion that react
tastes with us, data flows down, right?
So I can pass things from App into the pet
component, that it doesn't flow up, right?
This is called one way data flow.
And it's a big component of react is pet,
doesn't know who's rendering it, doesn't
care who's rendering it and doesn't
interact with its parent ever, right?
So I have no ability to get
information from Pet up to App,
there's just no way to do that.
This ends up being
actually a huge blessing.
You kind of like reframe the way
that you're thinking but
it ends up being a huge blessing because
if App has a problem with App, right?
It knows it's not Pet messing with it,
right?
You've already precluded that
that ability by the fact that
Pet can't mess with its parent, right?
Now, you might ask like,
well, what if I need to and
there are methodologies to get around
that and I will show you that.
But for the most part, the default way of
interacting with react is that you have no
way to go from child to parent,
it only goes from parent to child.
[BLANK AUDIO] Questions about that so far?
Cool.
So, this brings us to
our first checkpoint.
If we go back to our course site here,
and look at Components.
That's what we just did.
At the very bottom here you see
this little chequered flag,
that says click here to see
the state of the project up to now.
If you click on that, this will take
you to a directory where you can see
everything that you and
I just did together.
It'll be slightly different from pieces
because I change things a little bit on
the flier but more or less the same.
And you'll see that at the end of some of
the sections there of that little checked
flag that just shows you
the state of the project.
Is this kind of code usable
in production scenarios?
Looking at this kind of code here,
this sort of thing right here.
What do I wanna say about that?
Kind of, sort of.
Yes, no, not really.
Let's go with not really.
Which is probably like the most wishy
washy answer that I've given so far.
Challenge except that I will try and
give wishes and wash your answers.
I don't see anyone write
code like this anymore,
with using React.createElement directly.
It was more popular maybe five years ago.
But everyone writes react with JSX,
which I'm about to teach you,
That's literally the next thing that
we're gonna start talking about this JSX.
But for the most part,
people don't write code like this anymore.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Yeah, it's to pull back behind
the curtain of what's going
on underneath the hood.
There's other problems with this.
For example,
you typically have one component per file.
It's not a hard rule but
it's pretty close to a hard rule.
So typically I would have
a pet.js file and an app.js file,
that would be separate files.
But we don't have a build step yet.
I don't want to mess
around with that too much.
So the next thing we're going to do is
introduce introduce our build step.